bpo-40816 Add AsyncContextDecorator class (#20516)
python/cpython: Doc/library/contextlib.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.7

   :func:`asynccontextmanager` uses :class:`AsyncContextDecorator` so the context managers
   it creates can be used as decorators as well as in :keyword:`async with` statements.
   When used as a decorator, a new generator instance is implicitly created on
   each function call (this allows the otherwise "one-shot" context managers
   created by :func:`asynccontextmanager` to meet the requirement that context
   managers support multiple invocations in order to be used as decorators).

>   .. versionchanged:: 3.10

Reviewer: Wrong version?

Reviewer 2: Why? This is a new feature and 3.9 is about to be released so it's frozen for new features. 3.10 is the one that will include this.

Reviewer: sorry, I misread it as 3.1

>    :func:`asynccontextmanager` uses :class:`AsyncContextDecorator` so the context managers
>    it creates can be used as decorators as well as in :keyword:`async with` statements.
>    When used as a decorator, a new generator instance is implicitly created on
>    each function call (this allows the otherwise "one-shot" context managers
>    created by :func:`asynccontextmanager` to meet the requirement that context
>    managers support multiple invocations in order to be used as decorators).
> 
>   .. versionchanged:: 3.10
>   Use of :class:`AsyncContextDecorator`.

Reviewer 2: `AsyncContextDecorator` is a low-level implementation detail. It doesn't need to be exposed because it will confuse a regular Python user.  Here's how I'd rewrite the doc:

```suggestion
   Context managers defined with :func:`asynccontextmanager` can be used
   either as decorators or with :keyword:`async with` statements::
   
     import time
   
     async def timeit():         
         now = time.monotonic()
         try:
             yield
         finally:
             print(f'it took {time.monotonic() - now}s to run')
             
      @timeit()
      async def main():
          # ... async code ...

   When used as a decorator, a new generator instance is implicitly created on
   each function call. This allows the otherwise "one-shot" context managers
   created by :func:`asynccontextmanager` to meet the requirement that context
   managers support multiple invocations in order to be used as decorators.

  .. versionchanged:: 3.10
     Async context managers created with :func:`asynccontextmanager` can
     be used as decorators.
```

Reviewer: This language was copied from contextmanager docs, so the same argument could be applied there.  The docs of both managers should be consistent.

Reviewer 2: I'd say that the contextmanager docs should be updated to match my suggestion.

Reviewer 2: But there's no "rule" that the docs for different (albeit similar) APIs must look the same.

   .. versionadded:: 3.2

.. class:: AsyncContextManager
    

>    Similar as ContextManger only for async

Reviewer 2: Actually, can you just add an example to https://docs.python.org/3/library/contextlib.html#contextlib.asynccontextmanager. I don't think we need to document the class itself.

Author: Maybe add a reference for more consistency. Something like `asynccontextmanager() uses AsyncContextDecorator so the context managers it creates can be used as decorators same as contextmanager.` And add ref from `AsyncContextDecorator` to `class:: AsyncContextManager`

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't bother with anything but a 3 line example and saying it's possible starting with 3.10.
